You can't deny our efforts over the years just because it's temporary.
Are you still burning with the opportunity I gave you?
You fail every time. It seems that the cooperation I left with you is hereby guaranteed.
Don't forget. Can you have today,
It also relies on the technology and madness we left behind.
Over the years, I have given you many benefits,
Don't forget to lift it up. How dare you threaten me.
Just know that it is difficult to enter the light sky.
No, don't be unable to move. The last joint event,
I've been fucked, who wants to make a move?
We will be able to catch our clues.
If that's the case, then take the Kuangmai back.
Divorced wife and daughter
Plus the son of Cho Chun Xueli’s ghost husband
I won't believe it if I take some of them
give you this opportunity
This is the last time
It exceeded the previous week's
Let's not be able to leave such a big root
I even shouted back at her and jumped up